so for the most part you're gonna have you know your middle of the room
sellers that yeah yeah break them out one you're going to spend some
time writing these for Robson running the evaluations so this was
you need to spend more time on the top one percent and maybe your local
for once the middle Welsh you want to break them out you want to
see what they give you for that the more that they give you garbage
a garbage in garbage out or so that say what it is hello there if
they don't give you any points yeah and you need to throw back and she
is the chief comma I need some more input into this chief may throw
back to your job I've had heard that we're in and to look cheap yeah
it is my job imports so yeah it was for so the road guys you want
to say salt cellar solid before the salt is not first available on
the explorer solace all there are some other phrases in there you could
check the label letter writing guide and that means they will have
so you for as long as you can see by ship